Replace `page-version` with `current` in links (#260)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/transaction-management.adoc

====
This page describes only some specific aspects of transaction management when used with the Neo4j Java API and provides some examples of how to avoid deadlocks, and how to register a transaction event listener for a specific database and perform basic operations on top of the transaction change set.

> Therefore, it is highly recommended that you read link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-internals/[Operations Manual -> Database internals and transactional behavior] before you continue reading this page.

Author: ```suggestion
Therefore, it is highly recommended that you read link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-internals/[Operations Manual -> Database internals and transactional behavior] before you continue reading this page.
```

[NOTE]
====
It is crucial to finish each transaction because the locks or memory acquired by a transaction are only released upon completion.

> For more information on locks and deadlocks, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/database-internals/locks-deadlocks[Operations Manual -> Locks and deadlocks^].

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on locks and deadlocks, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/database-internals/locks-deadlocks[Operations Manual -> Locks and deadlocks^].
```
